Add "allowHTML" option for Markdoc with HTML parsing/processing (#7597)
withastro/astro: .changeset/stupid-poets-grab.md

---

> '@astrojs/markdoc': minor

Reviewer: This should be safe as a `patch` change actually! Seems to follow the semver rules for a pre-1.0 package:
- ✅  patch - fixes _and_ nonbreaking features
- minor - breaking features

---

Adds an "allowHTML" Markdoc integration option.

When enabled, all Markdoc markup is processed via the htmlparser2 library to detect
HTML elements and creating a modified set of markdown-it tokens which seamlessly interleave
HTML markup elements with any Markdoc tags and nodes.

This is a potential XSS vector as HTML in Markdoc markup will be rendered as real HTML nodes

> once this is enabled (it should be noted this is already the case for Markdoc and MDX integrations

Author: Ugh this is a typo, it should say "Markdown and MDX integrations"

> When enabled, all Markdoc markup is processed via the htmlparser2 library to detect
> HTML elements and creating a modified set of markdown-it tokens which seamlessly interleave
> HTML markup elements with any Markdoc tags and nodes.
> 
> This is a potential XSS vector as HTML in Markdoc markup will be rendered as real HTML nodes
> once this is enabled (it should be noted this is already the case for Markdown and MDX integrations
> as-is, by default.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabled, all HTML in Markdoc files will be processed, including HTML elements within Markdoc tags and nodes.
```

nit: No need for technical implementation details! I'd also suggest removing the XSS vector warning, since this nuance is better left to the README.
